my name is Dave mccurley I'm the
executive director of Accenture Texas
government practice and very proud to
bring the Accenture interactive command
and control wall to the gtc conference
the command and control wall actually
brings together a variety of someone
available technologies in a new way and
allows you to have on a broad
touchscreen the ability to
aggregate all kinds of data on different
sources evaluate the reliability of
those sources and then use that to have
good intelligence to guide decisions in
the times of crisis in the event of a
disaster response in planning for
counterterrorism or insurgency or drug
interdiction kinds of things and so a
variety of border management issues as
well so we're we've got a variety of
that those kinds of things available and
it's really a first of its kind to bring
all of them together and be able to to
interact with them in a command and
control environment my name is Adam
dealin with Accenture technology labs
with Accenture in Chicago Illinois ok
take it away ok so you have a research
prototype where I'd like to
some data sources I have available to me
in this case we have a map of Texas and
a math Mexico and one of the data
sources I have failed me are cases of
avian
outbreaks in Mexico some of these cases
have been reported by men on the street
other cases have been reported by wh 0
so therefore a group analysts have
looked at this data and they've signed a
case confidence based on on these
factors who reported it do we really
believe it's a case of avian flu or are
we not so confident there's an analyst I
can decide which cases I really want to
work out so I'm going to work on this
group of cases so that's one group of
data the next group of data I'm going to
work with is trouble hats so these are
possible travel paths of avian flu in
the United States and it could be you
know shipping channels car pass walking
past historical data etc and again
another panelist have looked at this
data and they sign a risk factor based
on the ease of travel as i move my risk
suspect slider different paths will
appear and disappear
so I've decided I'm going to work on
these travel paths right here I'm going
to do some what if scenarios on this
data so some of the tools I have
available to me show up here when i
click on assets some assets might be
patrol units aid stations here two
cameras border checkpoints so what I'm
going to do take the border checkpoint
move it up to this travel path I'm going
to take a patrol unit and maybe a
security camera because they're actually
fairly inexpensive to deploy so when I
hit the commit a set button and you'll
notice that those travel paths have
disappeared because our background and
back-end analytics engine believes that
we fly these assets until shadow paths
will mitigate the flow through those
paths